DAN: After the Gundalians hijacked Bakugan Interspace
and forced us out, things took a turn for the worse
in the battle for Neathia.
We decided to join Fabia as she returned home so we
could help with the fight.
Once we got there, we were made members of the Castle Knights.
Now Earth and Neathia were united in the struggle
to keep Barodius from stealing the Sacred Orb.
Lucky for us, we have the most powerful Bakugan, Dragonoid
Colossus, on our side.
Drago
[THEME - CREIGHTON DAN AND DANIEL LEBLANC,
\"THIS IS BAKUGAN\"]
THEME SONG: What are you going to do?
The odds are stacked against you.
Back against the wall.
Got to give it your all.
This is the final stand.
The power's in your hand.
Two worlds collide on the inside.
You've got to fight for what's right
before it's gone, gone gone.
This is Bakugan!
[tense music]
Where are they?
Something must have happened to Dan and the others Ren.
Do you think they saw us?
It sounds like they did.
Well, I'm guessing we should make the first move then.
OK.
[grunting]
Huh?
[screaming]
- Come on! - Wait!
Hold on a sec.
Huh?
Shun?
Hey there guys!
Glad you're here.
We've got a big job ahead.
DAN: The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in Final Strike.
[eerie music]
[knocks twice]
MASON: Why does Barodius wear suspenders?
It's to keep his pants up.
Huh?
Correct.
Ah.
What's this?
It's a top secret lair that Nurzak built.
So where is he then?
He sacrificed himself to save me.
[sigh]
Man, that's terrible news.
What happened to Dan?
Have you seen him?
Yes, he's been captured.
They've got Drago too.
[gasp]
Are you serious?
What are we going to do?
[zapping]
[beeping]
Excellent.
It's complete.
I guess it's time we take the good news to Emperor Barodius
then.
[roaring]
So you've managed to synchronize Drago's DNA?
Does that mean it's ready to be spliced with Dharak's
so we can trigger an evolution?
Yes sire.
I should warn you that forcing Dharak's body to assimilate
the foreign DNA will be extremely painful
and could cost him his life.
Are you out of your mind?
Why would we risk such a thing?
You can play mad scientist all you want with the other Bakugan
Kazarina, but not with the Emperor's and not
with our best weapon.
Enough!
I want to evolve!
Let's do this now!
Hmm.
You heard him Kazarina.
Let's proceed.
Yes.
[scoff]
But sire.
You can't really--
Silence Gill!
Don't underestimate Dharak.
Very well Dharak.
Prepare yourself and I will begin the DNA transfusion.
Bring it on!
[roaring]
[screaming]
[groaning in pain]
It's so--
Incredible!
[panting]
Did he really evolve that quickly?
Yes, the transfusion was a success!
Would you like to rename him sire?
Hmm.
[growling]
I think I will call him Phantom Dharak.
I like it.
I can feel the energy flowing through my veins!
It keeps growing in intensity.
Wake Drago and prepare him for battle.
I'm ready to crush him.
[beeping]
Huh, interesting.
What is it Kazarina?
As you are already aware sire, Neathia's third shield
is equipped with a special security feature that prevents
any Bakugan who possesses Gundalian
DNA from passing through it.
But now that it's been fused with Drago's DNA,
Dharak's new genetic sequence has mutated and is
no longer purely Gundalian.
What are you talking about?
What abomination have you created Kazarina?
He's a hybrid whose genetic code will allow him to pass
through the third shield.
Excellent work.
It's that kind of strategic thinking
that I look for in my number two Kazarina.
[gasp]
Thank you sire.
I do it in your honor.
GILL (VOICEOVER): I can't believe he's replaced
me with her as his number two.
How dare he turn his back on me like that,
after my years of loyalty?
Where's Drago!
[grunting]
I want to crush him!
Let me out of here right now!
Settle down Dharak!
[roaring]
BARODIUS: With the Brawlers scattered about here
on Gundalia, now is the perfect time
to attack the third shield.
So pull yourself together immediately.
Do you understand me?
You will have a chance to take care of Drago later.
Too bad.
I want to finish him now!
What did you say?
As you wish master.
You're in charge while I'm gone Kazarina.
I want you to find the rest of the Brawlers
and eradicate them.
And what shall I do with him?
Whatever you see fit.
Consider it a gift from me.
But don't you dare lay a finger on Drago.
He's all mine.
Don't worry Dharak.
Gill.
You will come with me.
Yes sire.
Try not to mess up Gill.
I'd hate to see you get left behind
or become a casualty of war.
[tense music]
REN: So then, you guys weren't able to capture Jake?
SHUN: Unfortunately no.
It also seems that your old teammates have
been brainwashed by Kazarina.
This Gundalian invasion has been a serious bummer.
Yeah, they definitely thrashed us pretty hard.
I'm really worried about what they might do to Dan and Drago.
I know.
If they brainwashed them like they did to my friends, then
we're in trouble.
Then I guess we better break Dan and Drago out
before that can happen.
Yeah.
And remember, failure isn't an option this time.
I'm going to find Master Nurzak.
There's a chance he might still be alive.
Oh.
OK Mason.
If you insist on that, then we'll split up.
Hey Fabia, are you coming?
Didn't you tell me that Nurzak got
swept away after saving you?
Yes, that's right.
Then wouldn't you say you have an obligation
to see if he's OK?
Come on, Princess.
What do you think?
What's wrong precious?
Are you too good to risk your life for a lowly Gundalian?
It's not that.
I appreciate what Nurzak did.
But I owe Dan and Drago more.
When I came to Earth, they immediately accepted me
as one of their own.
Then when I asked for help, they came to Neathia
without any hesitation.
Please understand I owe a bigger debt to them.
Good luck.
I really hope you find him.
Hmm.
OK.
I get it.
Be careful.
Did you see the way she sloughed us off like that?
I never did like Fabia.
Trust me.
We're better off without her.
Avior, the Princess is ail right.
Let's go Avior!
We've got to find Nurzak!
Why can't we wake up from this nightmare Drago?
Have you figured out what you're going
to do with the Brawler yet?
Huh.
Decisions, decisions.
It's not exactly like you need another zombie servant.
Maybe you should think about using him to send
a message to the resistance?
Interesting.
It certainly would break the Brawlers' spirits if I finished
off their precious leader.
They'd never recover.
[laughter]
I'm really sorry mistress Kazarina,
but Marucho got away from me.
Never mind that right now Jake.
I want you to get a good look at your old friend here.
Pathetic isn't he?
Why don't you stick around and watch
me put him out of his misery?
I'm sure you'll find it amusing.
[explosion]
Ugh!
What happened?
[alarm blaring]
What's going on?
We're being attacked.
I want a status report, immediately!
Yes.
[tense music]
Hit it Linehalt!
Don't hold back.
Don't worry!
I won't.
Come on!
GUARD: Sir!
We have trespassers in the castle!
So, the first attack was a decoy.
It sounds like the Brawlers have
infiltrated the castle again.
Those insolent fools.
Can I trust you to take care of this for me Gill?
Yes.
I'll take the others to Neathia with me.
This way!
Going somewhere Brawlers?
Bakugan brawl!
Rise Pyrus Krakix!
[roaring]
You just couldn't leave it alone.
Hah!
And now you're going to pay.
We've taken you down before Gill.
And we'll do it again, so you better move.
I hardly think you're in the position to be making
threats right now Brawler.
Perhaps, you should accept that this is the end for you.
Say goodbye.
Ability activate!
Hey!
Hold on a sec!
We haven't even launched our Bakugan yet!
Argon Stream!
Darkness Blizzard!
Huh?
[grunt]
Hey Ren!
We've got this one handled.
Go ahead.
Thanks Ren.
Be careful!
Ren!
Don't worry
(WORRIEDLY) Huh.
SHUN: Fabia!
Let's go!
Come back.
Huh?
Don't worry about them.
You're fighting me now.
[grill growls]
There's an elevator up ahead that will take us down.
How do we know they won't be waiting to ambush us
once we step out of the lift?
We don't have a choice!
Fingers crossed.
I just hope Dan and Drago can hold on.
You need to focus.
Stop worrying about Ren.
He can handle the likes of Gill.
He'll be fine.
You're absolutely right.
Thank you Aranaut.
There it is!
Ahead on the right!
Ah!
It's Airzel!
Don't you know it's impolite to enter someone's
home without an invitation?
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand!
Rise Ventus Strikeflier!
[keening]
I'm going to destroy you!
[echoing shout]
It sound like we're missing quite the party.
Should we go and join in?
As much fun as that sounds, we have more
important things to deal with.
Wouldn't you say?
[cackling laughter]
Once this beam hits him, he'll be vaporized.
I just need to lock on target.
I have an idea!
Perhaps, you would like to do the honors?
That is, if you think you can.
Yes, I can do it.
[tense music]
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand!
Let's go Aquos Akwimos!
Aw yeah!
Hey, hold on!
Wait for us Marucho.
No way.
This one belongs to Akwimos and me.
Ability activate!
Down Clash!
Ah!
Ability activate!
Spiral Pressure!
Cool is the rule dude!
You guys go find Dan and Drago!
OK.
Fight hard!
We'll be back just as soon as we can.
Take care OK, Marucho?
Don't you worry Fabia.
I'll be there to meet all of you at the rendezvous point.
I promise!
Hmm.
[explosion]
What are you waiting for?
Get out of my way!
If you will push it, then I will.
Are you ready Fabia?
Yes.
You OK Hawktor?
Let's do this!
Bakugan brawl!
Hah!
Bakugan stand!
Time to get our friends Ventus Hawktor!
I'm with you Shun.
Just point the way and I'll lead the charge.
Hah!
Dan should be just below.
OK then, hop on you guys.
OK.
Hah!
STOICA: Surprise!
Megalo Thereia!
[groaning]
[maniacal laughter]
Crush them, Lythirus.
As you wish.
[laughter]
Ugh, Fabia.
I can keep these two busy.
Well, you go and find Dan!
Shun, I can't.
You have to go.
I'll see you soon.
OK then.
You're looking to distracted again Princess.
I'm fine.
Stop worrying.
OK?
Looks like we've got company!
[roaring]
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand!
Ability activate!
[grunting]
Mirage Fist!
[roaring]
Let's go.
This place is starting to remind me of everyone
we've lost in battle.
I know you feel guilty, but losing him wasn't your fault.
Ah?
You're thinking about Nurzak aren't you?
Oh, Yes.
Right.
Maybe Mason is right and Nurzak is still alive.
All we can do is hope for the best.
In the meantime, shall we?
OK.
Hold on tight.
You bet!
FABIA (VOICEOVER): I guess Aranaut
doesn't remember his former master Jin after all.
Ability activate!
Dark Saber!
Hah!
Battle Gear, ability activate!
Vicer Orochi!
Ren, how dare you betray the emperor after he allowed
you a life above ground!
Huh, you've got to be kidding me!
What's that?
I fell for the emperor's tricks and did terrible things.
But thankfully, the Brawlers forgave me and taught
me the true meaning of loyalty.
Battle Gear ability activate!
Battle Trubine!
[groaning]
Hold on pal!
We just might have to hold them off
long enough for the others to find Dan and Jake
and get back here.
Then we'll have some backup.
OK buddy!
These guys are punks.
We can win this thing.
Battle Gear ability activate!
Razoid Charybdis!
Watch out!
Hah!
Is that the best you can do?
Pay very close attention to this Jake.
Dan Kuso the mighty leader of the Battle Brawlers
is about to be reduced to dust.
Battle Gear boost!
[kazarina laughs]
FABIA: Neathia used to be such a peaceful and wonderful place
to live.
Those times are a distant memory.
Since the Gundalians invaded, life has been a nightmare
with so many lives lost.
But now, it seems like we actually have a chance
of winning once and for all.
I just hope that the price of peace
isn't more casualties of war.
Unfortunately with Phantom Dharak leading the charge,
I don't know if that's possible.
You should tune in to see what happens!
The action is so intense.
It's like nothing you've seen before.
[theme music]